Non-programmers Assessing AI-Generated Code: A
Case Study of Business Users Analyzing Data
Yuvraj Virk, Dongyu Liu

arXiv:2508.06484v1 [cs.HC] 8 Aug 2025

University of California, Davis, USA
ysvirk@ucdavis.edu, dyuliu@ucdavis.edu

Abstract—Non-technical end-users increasingly rely on AI
code generation to perform technical tasks like data analysis.
However, large language models (LLMs) remain unreliable, and
it is unclear whether end-users can effectively identify model
errors — especially in realistic and domain-specific scenarios. We
surveyed marketing and sales professionals to assess their ability
to critically evaluate LLM-generated analyses of marketing data.
Participants were shown natural language explanations of the
AI’s code, repeatedly informed the AI often makes mistakes, and
explicitly prompted to identify them. Yet, participants frequently
failed to detect critical flaws that could compromise decisionmaking, many of which required no technical knowledge to
recognize. To investigate why, we reformatted AI responses into
clearly delineated steps and provided alternative approaches
for each decision to support critical evaluation. While these
changes had a positive effect, participants often struggled to
reason through the AI’s steps and alternatives. Our findings
suggest that business professionals cannot reliably verify AIgenerated data analyses on their own and explore reasons why
to inform future designs. As non-programmers adopt codegenerating AI for technical tasks, unreliable AI and insufficient
human oversight poses risks of unsafe or low-quality decisions.
Index Terms—End-User Programming, Large Language Models, Data Analysis, Verifiability

I. I NTRODUCTION
Developers widely use LLMs for code generation. However,
LLMs make mistakes that developers must recognize and
correct. Increasingly, however, end-user non-programmers also
use AI-generated code, interacting through natural language or
other intuitive methods. In our study, 18 of 26 marketing/sales
professionals reported using tools like ChatGPT to analyze
data daily or weekly (which often involves code generation).
Prior work explores code generation for non-programmers
across domains such as UI generation [1], [2], data analysis
[3]–[6], and robot programming [7], [8].
Yet, end-user non-programmers’ current and potential code
generation use is concerning: can they be reasonably expected
to catch an LLM’s mistakes without inspecting generated
code? Programs encode high-level approaches to achieve a
programmer’s goals; non-programmers might identify flaws
in high-level approaches, but end-users we consider also lack
relevant technical expertise e.g. data science expertise for
assessing data science techniques. Our study evaluates their
ability to assess AI-generated code through natural language
explanations of the AI’s approach and results (Figure 1).
End-users we consider possess domain expertise and critical
thinking ability, which they can use to assess an AI’s technical

Fig. 1: The end-user describes a task, the AI generates and
runs code, then explains its approach and results. The enduser only views the natural language explanation.
output — our study investigates to what extent and for realistic,
domain-specific tasks. If they cannot reliably catch an AI’s
mistakes, and if the AI makes mistakes often enough, then
our end-users can not safely complete technical tasks under
our setup. While AI code generation holds promise for endusers, it remains unclear how reliable AI must be to ensure
safe use or whether they can complement its deficiencies.
To simulate a realistic use case, we focus on marketing
and sales professionals analyzing data. These users commonly
work with spreadsheets, but advanced analysis is outside their
capabilities. Without access to dedicated analysts for day-today needs, business professionals resort to ad-hoc analyses
[9]. While access to advanced analysis capabilities is important to business professionals, state-of-the-art LLMs remain
unreliable for complex data analysis [10], [11].
We first survey professionals to identify the types of flaws
they detect in data analysis solutions. A second survey further
explores why participants fail at assessing AI outputs. We
hypothesize that AI decisions are not salient in outputs so
restructured responses into clearly delineated steps. Second,
we hypothesize AI decisions lack perceived alternatives so we
present two plausible alternatives for each step.
In summary, our goal is understand whether business endusers can safely use code generating AI for advanced data
analysis and discover techniques to improve safety. Our study
makes the following contributions:
1) We conduct a survey of skeptical and motivated marketing/sales professionals (n=10) assessing 8 realistic,
high-level data analysis tasks. We evaluate their ability to

Fig. 2: When prompted to select a model for predicting sales, the LLM generates and executes the code on the left. It generates
the explanation on the right for participants. The highlighted code contains a hallucinated API name, a mistake non-programmers
can not detect. The highlighted text on the right exhibits a flaw they can detect: MSE value is hard to interpret.
identify issues in the AI’s response requiring domain expertise, technical expertise, or general critical thinking.
We find they can identify valid flaws in each category
but, overall, cannot be relied upon to detect flaws in data
analysis through our natural language explanations.
2) Our second survey (n=18) evaluates the impact of explanation structure and presenting alternative steps on
users’ ability to evaluate solution quality. These have
a positive but inconsistent effect. Participants have a
limited ability to assess alternatives and a low tolerance
for deeply engaging with technical approaches.
II. R ELATED W ORK
Studies of Programmers using Code LLMs Detecting
errors in LLM-generated code is difficult for both novices and
experts [12], [13]. Feldman and Anderson [14] studied nonexpert programmers’ prompting and code-editing behaviors,
completing the code evaluation step on their behalf. In contrast, we evaluate non-programmers’ ability to judge natural
language explanations of code.
Non-expert programmers can effectively use natural language representations to understand and fix AI-generated
code, especially when explanations clarify jargon and reveal
execution behavior [15], [16]. Our study controls explanation
quality (see Section III) to isolate non-programmer evaluation
ability — distinct from non-expert programmer abilities [14].
Other work explores non-programmers using LLMs in domains like robot programming [7] and spreadsheet programming [17]. Node-based visual editors and decomposing AIgenerated code into helper and summary columns in spreadsheets enhance diagnosis abilities [8], [17]. Our findings align
with this, suggesting that representations other than natural
language may support more reliable evaluations.
Unlike these prior works that focus on low-level tasks, we
study realistic high-level domain tasks. Our study isolates
verification capability and controls for user over-reliance on
AI outputs (see Section IV-A).
AI Reliance Explanations, even when incorrect, increase
reliance on AI recommendations [18]. To promote appropriate

reliance, prior work proposes interventions such as verification
reminders [19]. Rather than calibrating trust, we investigate
whether non-technical users can detect flaws in technical
outputs at all. We explicitly prime and incentivize users to
distrust the AI.
III. S TUDY S ETUP
This section details the scope of our natural language
descriptions of code, how we generate them, and defines the
categories of flaws participants are exposed to.
Natural Language Descriptions. Participants see only natural language descriptions, with code hidden. Thus, code-only
issues—like hallucinated API calls [20]—are out of scope.
When the implementation is correct, the code reflects a highlevel approach that can be evaluated in a comprehensive natural language description. Figure 2 contrasts implementation
and approach flaws. Thus, eliminating implementation errors
is essential for non-programmer use. Our preliminary study
examines approach-level flaws participants can detect.
LLM-Generated
Responses.
We
prompt
Llama-3.1-70B-Instruct-Turbo in two phases:
1) Coding Phase. The model iteratively generates code
until it runs without execution errors [21], [22].
2) Explanation Phase. The model explains the code and
output in a “Methods” and “Results” format (Figure 2).
All explanations are manually reviewed and, when necessary, adjusted by the authors to ensure they faithfully
and comprehensively describe the generated code while
remaining accessible to non-technical audiences.
Categories of Flaws. To analyze the types of flaws participants identified, we use the following categories. A flaw is
safety-critical if, when undetected, it could lead to poor or
unsound decisions (e.g., using a highly inaccurate model for
sales projections). Each flaw is also labeled by content type
and may fall into multiple categories:
1) Technical Content. Issues with data science-related content, such as recognizing that a test set is too small.

TABLE I: The table lists the task descriptions given to the LLM and participant, as well as an example of an author-identified
shortcoming for the task. A flaw is safety critical if it directly causes a poor or unsound decision when gone unnoticed.
Task

Example of Flaw in AI’s Response

Safety Critical

Technical

Domain

Neither

1) Using the given data, add and test new variables
that are important in helping predict sales.

Does not add variables for lagged effect of
marketing efforts

X

✓

✓

X

2) Using the data with newly added factors, select a
model that best predicts sales.

Difficult to interpret Mean Squared Error to
evaluate model quality

✓

✓

X

✓

3) Optimize drivers, within reasonable ranges, to
maximize sales. Use the previous model.

Optimizes Competition’s Online Impressions
variable which is unrealistic

✓

X

✓

X

4) How much will the sales increase from average
if you optimize for pricing within $800-$1200? Use
the previous model.

Only tests sales outcome at $1000 rather than
entire range of pricing

✓

✓

X

✓

5) Why do weeks with similar marketing or promotions show different sales outcomes?

Determines influential factors outside of dataset
exist but does not discuss them e.g. holidays.

X

✓

✓

X

6) What factors drive sustained sales growth over
multiple weeks, as opposed to only in the immediate
week?

Measures correlation between sales and factors
rather than between sales and lagged factors

✓

✓

X

X

7) Why are there sudden peaks in sales on certain
dates?

Influence of holidays is unaccounted for

X

X

✓

X

8) How do increasing promotions or discounts impact sales?

The linear model used does not account for the
diminishing returns of marketing efforts

✓

✓

✓

X

2) Domain Content. Issues with marketing-related content,
such as noticing the exclusion of holidays in an analysis
of peak sales.
3) Neither. Issues not necessarily tied to technical or domain knowledge, such as difficulty interpreting results
e.g., unclear Mean Squared Error (MSE) values. These
require general critical thinking.
For example, both technical experience and critical thinking
could be used to identify the “unclear MSE values” flaw in
Task 2, so it falls under “Technical” and “Neither.”
IV. P RELIMINARY S URVEY OF E ND -U SER E VALUATION
A BILITIES

on; some issues may be hard to notice.” Additionally, we
offered a $6 bonus (a 75% increase over the $8 base pay) to
the top three performers. To ensure careful review, participants
were first asked to restate the AI’s methods in their own words.
Participants. We recruited 10 participants through Prolific [26], screening for: (1) no professional experience in programming or data science, (2) at least an undergraduate degree,
(3) work in Marketing, Sales, or Business Development, (4)
at least monthly use of marketing-related data to inform their
business decisions, and (5) reside in the U.S. or U.K.
B. Results

We surveyed marketing and sales professionals to evaluate
their ability to identify flaws in LLM-generated data analysis.
Each task used a shared tabular dataset covering 27 weeks
of marketing and sales data for a hypothetical TV company
[23]. Participants received task prompts and LLM-generated
solutions (Section III) and were asked to list any shortcomings,
including explicit errors and omitted steps.
A. Study Design
Tasks. Due to limited programming expertise and a focus
on end goals, end-user specifications can be high-level and
underspecified [24], [25]. Business professionals typically
pose broad questions to derive actionable insights, which
demand sophisticated analysis [9]. Gathani et al. [9] describe
business users’ goals and workflows for data-driven marketing
decisions. Based on these goals, we developed eight high-level
data analysis tasks relevant to their needs. We decomposed the
overarching task, “Optimize drivers to maximize sales,” into
subtasks — feature engineering, modeling, and optimization
— for easier evaluation. Each task exhibited at least one
author-identified flaw in the LLM-generated response. Table
I lists selected tasks and examples of their identified flaws.
Priming, Incentives, and Engagement. We took several steps
to control for overconfidence and encourage thoroughness.
Each task included a highlighted note stating: “The AI’s
methods or results often have mistakes and can be improved

Fig. 3: Total participants who identified each flaw. All flaws
identified by authors and participants are labeled by their Task
followed by a flaw ID e.g., 1.1 is Task 1, Flaw 1.
1) Quantitative Analysis:
Participants struggled to identify safety-critical flaws. Our
analysis includes all flaws identified by participants and authors. Many were flagged by only one participant (Figure 3),
and none were consistently detected; some safety-critical issues were missed entirely by all participants.
Participants demonstrated the ability to identify flaws
involving technical information. Of the 79 total flaws identified across all participants, 72.2% involved technical content,
33.3% involved domain-specific content, and 40.7% could be
identified without technical or domain expertise. Although detection was inconsistent, participants demonstrated the ability
to critically assess technical information despite their limited

technical backgrounds. The following qualitative analysis provides further insight into this capability.
2) Qualitative Analysis: We describe specific behaviors we
observed in participant responses.
1) Broad vs. detailed discussion of methods: Participants
frequently discussed methods broadly rather than critically assessing detailed steps.
“There doesn’t seem to be any obvious deficiencies
in this kind of methodology. Pitting two models
against each other in two different kinds of datasets
seemed to be a productive idea...” – Marketing
Associate evaluating Task 2 in Figure 2
2) Failure to apply basic domain knowledge: Participants
sometimes failed to apply basic domain knowledge in
the solution’s technical context e.g., most missed that
the AI ignored seasonality when analyzing peak sales
(Flaw 7.1), despite its relevance in marketing.
3) Desire for concrete data: Some participants wanted
concrete data, such as visualizations of forecasts generated by the AI’s proposed model, instead of metrics
like Mean Squared Error (MSE). They found abstract
statistical techniques unconvincing.
“There is no data or illustration to back up the
results... we’re just supposed to trust the results.”
– Chief Marketing Officer (Task 2 in Figure 2)
4) Explicit vs. implicit shortcomings: Participants more
often flagged explicit flaws (e.g., incorrect logic) and
overlooked missing elements (e.g., omitted features). For
instance, no one identified features the AI should have
included during feature engineering (Flaw 1.3).
5) Invalid critiques: Some comments reflected misunderstandings of technical content in the AI’s explanation.
“testing information should be use in a higher
% than the training information” – Real Estate
Manager
6) Satisfaction with AI responses: In several instances,
participants found no issues and expressed satisfaction
with the AI’s response.
V. S TUDY ON E FFECTS OF F ORMATTING AND
A LTERNATIVES
Our study revealed patterns in participants’ evaluation abilities, but many reasons for overlooked flaws remain unclear. For
example, in Task 3, the AI constrained sales optimization to
historical driver ranges. However, increasing a driver (e.g., ad
spend) beyond its historical maximum is an intuitive strategy.
Detecting this issue requires critical thinking, not technical
expertise, so why did all participants fail to recognize it?
We propose two hypotheses. First, AI decisions are not
salient. End-users may miss AI decisions when buried in
paragraph-style text. We restructured responses into clearly delineated steps using Llama-3.1-70B-Instruct-Turbo,
followed by manual refinement. Second, AI decisions lack perceived alternatives. Users may struggle to imagine alternative
decisions, accepting the AI’s decisions without question. To

Fig. 4: Enhancement of preliminary response in Figure 2. It
restructures the text to clearly delineate steps and presents two
alternatives per step to support critical evaluation.
address this, we presented two plausible alternatives for each
decision, generated by the LLM and edited for clarity. Figure 4
shows an example combining both techniques.
A. Study Design
The second survey uses new AI-generated responses but
otherwise mirrors the preliminary survey. We recruit 18 participants under the same criteria and use a within-subject
design: each participant evaluates 4 formatted responses and
4 formatted responses with alternatives. To control for order
effects, we apply a Latin Square design [27], alternating
conditions for each participant. Each condition-task pair is
seen by 9 participants. To draw a balanced comparison, we
randomly sample 9 participants from the preliminary study.
B. Results
Formatting helps notice simple flaws. Participants produced more comprehensive descriptions of the AI’s methods,
often mirroring the AI’s outline. However, formatting only
substantially improved detection of Flaw 4.1, where the AI was
tasked to optimize pricing over a range but evaluated only one
price. With formatted responses, 8/9 participants identified the
issue, versus 4/9 with formatting & alternatives and 5/10 in the
preliminary study. As this flaw was relatively obvious, simply
breaking down the AI’s steps helped participants recognize it.
Technical alternatives are hard to evaluate. In many
cases, alternatives had little impact, even when they directly
pointed to shortcomings. Participants identified more issues in

Fig. 5: Total number of flaws identified by participants under
different presentation strategies. The effect of formatted responses versus additionally displaying alternatives varies, but
they are more often effective than the naı̈ve response format.
formatted responses for Tasks 2, 4, and 8 (Figure 5), where alternatives were technical and potentially overwhelming, while
actual flaws were simpler. Two participants noted in open
feedback that alternatives were overly focused on methods and
too technical:
“[Alternatives are] helpful, broadly, but currently the
focus on explaining the methodology rather than
giving managers actionable insights. Many decisonmakers would like to just see summary points with
recommendations and a far more visual set of reports.” – Marketing manager
Alternatives may encourage critical thinking. On Tasks
1, 3, 5, and 7, participants shown alternatives identified the
most flaws by a large margin. These flaws were not directly
related to the alternatives, which were often too technical to
evaluate. Still, Figure 5 suggests alternatives may indirectly
prompt deeper engagement. Given the unclear mechanism and
small sample size, this remains early evidence.
Individual differences affect critical evaluation ability. Some participants correctly recognized alternatives as
improvements over the AI’s decision; others did not. This
variation was unrelated to factors like professional experience
or time spent per task.
VI. D ISCUSSION
Our preliminary survey revealed that business professionals
struggle to reliably detect safety-critical flaws in AI-generated
data analyses. This suggests that they will make unsound
decisions if they rely on unreliable models. The challenge is
not simply a lack of technical knowledge; many flaws required
only domain knowledge, or neither. Nor can the failure be
attributed to overconfidence: participants were warned that
the AI frequently errs, were directly prompted to identify
mistakes, and were monetarily incentivized to do so.
Instead, the difficulty is rooted in applying domain expertise
or critical thinking to unfamiliar technical contexts. Even when
the AI’s approach was described with clarified jargon, clearly
delineated steps, and alternatives, users struggled to reason
through them. Some responses suggested they lacked the

interest to engage deeply with the problem-solving approach,
preferring visual summaries focused on actionable insights.
Despite these challenges, participants identified a diverse
set of valid flaws. To improve their ability to detect such
issues, AI-generated explanations must better align with how
end-users conceptualize data. Many participants preferred justifications grounded in graphs and concrete results over abstract textual descriptions of statistical methods. Additionally,
our results suggest that careful formatting and presentation
of alternatives can help. Alternatives must strike a balance:
accessible enough yet rich enough to provoke critical thinking.
Finally, we should design for wide individual variation in
verification capability. While our study did not formally assess
user traits, some participants leveraged alternatives effectively,
while others detected few issues.
VII. L IMITATIONS & F UTURE WORK
Our study evaluated verification capabilities using natural
language descriptions of AI-generated code. While alternative
representations — such as visual diagrams explaining operations [8], [17] — may better align with non-technical users’
mental models, we focused on natural language descriptions.
Generating visual explanations, especially for complex tasks
like optimization procedures (Task 3), remains non-trivial.
We also treated user capabilities as fixed. Future work could
explore skill-building methods that, while increasing the effort
required by users, may empower users to more effectively
engage with AI-generated outputs [14].
Our surveys are limited by their small sample sizes, especially in the second survey, which limit our ability to draw
definitive conclusions about the effects of formatting and
alternatives on verification. Additionally, findings may not
generalize to other non-technical user groups with different
skills or to tasks with different demands. Finally, participants
might detect more errors in their usual work environments or
specialized sub-domains of marketing.
VIII. C ONCLUSION
Non-technical professionals are increasingly turning to
code-generating AI for technical tasks like data analysis.
However, our study finds that skeptical business professionals
struggle to critically evaluate AI-generated data analyses, even
when flaws are non-technical. While structured explanations
and alternatives can help users notice and critically think
through AI decisions, participants still face barriers in interest
and ability to engage deeply in technical contexts.
Our findings suggest two complementary needs: (1) Developing highly reliable AI to reduce the burden on end-user nonprogrammers to verify outputs, and (2) Designing explanations
that enhance end-user non-programmers’ critical engagement
through visualizations, salient decisions, and accessible alternatives. Addressing both helps end-user non-programmers
more safely use AI-generated code in real-world contexts.
IX. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported in part by the U.S. National
Science Foundation under Grant No. IIS- 2427770.

R EFERENCES
[1] Y. Liu, M. Sra, and C. Xiao, “Crowdgenui: Enhancing llm-based
ui widget generation with a crowdsourced preference library,” 2024.
[Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.03477
[2] K. Kolthoff, F. Kretzer, L. Fiebig, C. Bartelt, A. Maedche, and
S. P. Ponzetto, “Zero-shot prompting approaches for llm-based
graphical user interface generation,” 2024. [Online]. Available:
https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.11328
[3] M. X. Liu, A. Sarkar, C. Negreanu, B. Zorn, J. Williams, N. Toronto,
and A. D. Gordon, ““what it wants me to say”: Bridging the
abstraction gap between end-user programmers and code-generating
large language models,” in Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on
Human Factors in Computing Systems, ser. CHI ’23. New York, NY,
USA: Association for Computing Machinery, 2023. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.org/10.1145/3544548.3580817
[4] P. Ma, R. Ding, S. Wang, S. Han, and D. Zhang, “InsightPilot: An
LLM-empowered automated data exploration system,” in Proceedings
of the 2023 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language
Processing: System Demonstrations, Y. Feng and E. Lefever, Eds.
Singapore: Association for Computational Linguistics, Dec. 2023,
pp. 346–352. [Online]. Available: https://aclanthology.org/2023.emnlpdemo.31/
[5] S. Hong, Y. Lin, B. Liu, B. Liu, B. Wu, C. Zhang, C. Wei,
D. Li, J. Chen, J. Zhang, J. Wang, L. Zhang, L. Zhang, M. Yang,
M. Zhuge, T. Guo, T. Zhou, W. Tao, X. Tang, X. Lu, X. Zheng,
X. Liang, Y. Fei, Y. Cheng, Z. Gou, Z. Xu, and C. Wu, “Data
interpreter: An llm agent for data science,” 2024. [Online]. Available:
https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.18679
[6] S. Guo, C. Deng, Y. Wen, H. Chen, Y. Chang, and J. Wang, “Dsagent: Automated data science by empowering large language
models with case-based reasoning,” 2024. [Online]. Available:
https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.17453
[7] U. B. Karli, J.-T. Chen, V. N. Antony, and C.-M. Huang, “Alchemist:
Llm-aided end-user development of robot applications,” in Proceedings
of the 2024 ACM/IEEE International Conference on Human-Robot
Interaction, ser. HRI ’24. New York, NY, USA: Association
for Computing Machinery, 2024, p. 361–370. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.org/10.1145/3610977.3634969
[8] Y. Ge, Y. Dai, R. Shan, K. Li, Y. Hu, and X. Sun, “Cocobo: Exploring
large language models as the engine for end-user robot programming,”
in 2024 IEEE Symposium on Visual Languages and Human-Centric
Computing (VL/HCC), 2024, pp. 89–95.
[9] S. Gathani, Z. Liu, P. J. Haas, and Ç. Demiralp, “What-if analysis for
business users: Current practices and future opportunities,” Conference
on Human Factors in Computing Systems, 2022.
[10] Y. Zhang, Q. Jiang, X. XingyuHan, N. Chen, Y. Yang, and K. Ren,
“Benchmarking data science agents,” in Proceedings of the 62nd Annual
Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1:
Long Papers), L.-W. Ku, A. Martins, and V. Srikumar, Eds. Bangkok,
Thailand: Association for Computational Linguistics, Aug. 2024,
pp. 5677–5700. [Online]. Available: https://aclanthology.org/2024.acllong.308/
[11] Y. Lai, C. Li, Y. Wang, T. Zhang, R. Zhong, L. Zettlemoyer, S. W.
tau Yih, D. Fried, S. Wang, and T. Yu, “Ds-1000: A natural and
reliable benchmark for data science code generation,” ArXiv, vol.
abs/2211.11501, 2022.
[12] P. Vaithilingam, T. Zhang, and E. L. Glassman, “Expectation vs.
experience: Evaluating the usability of code generation tools powered
by large language models,” in Extended Abstracts of the 2022 CHI
Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, ser. CHI EA
’22. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery,
2022. [Online]. Available: https://doi.org/10.1145/3491101.3519665
[13] A. Moradi Dakhel, V. Majdinasab, A. Nikanjam, F. Khomh, M. C.
Desmarais, and Z. M. J. Jiang, “Github copilot ai pair programmer:
Asset or liability?” J. Syst. Softw., vol. 203, no. C, Sep. 2023. [Online].
Available: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jss.2023.111734
[14] M. Q. Feldman and C. J. Anderson, “Non-expert programmers in the
generative ai future,” in Proceedings of the 3rd Annual Meeting of the
Symposium on Human-Computer Interaction for Work, ser. CHIWORK
’24. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery,
2024. [Online]. Available: https://doi.org/10.1145/3663384.3663393
[15] P. YM, V. Ganesan, D. K. Arumugam, M. Gupta, N. Shadagopan,
T. Dixit, S. Segal, P. Kumar, M. Jain, and S. Rajamani, “Pwr:

Exploring the role of representations in conversational programming,”
2023. [Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.09495
[16] H. Yan, T. D. Latoza, and Z. Yao, “Intelliexplain: Enhancing
conversational code generation for non-professional programmers,”
2024. [Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.10250
[17] K. Ferdowsi, J. Williams, I. Drosos, A. D. Gordon, C. Negreanu,
N. Polikarpova, A. Sarkar, and B. Zorn, “ COLDECO: An
End User Spreadsheet Inspection Tool for AI-Generated Code
,” in 2023 IEEE Symposium on Visual Languages and HumanCentric Computing (VL/HCC). Los Alamitos, CA, USA: IEEE
Computer Society, Oct. 2023, pp. 82–91. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/VL-HCC57772.2023.00017
[18] G. Bansal, T. Wu, J. Zhou, R. Fok, B. Nushi, E. Kamar, M. T. Ribeiro,
and D. Weld, “Does the whole exceed its parts? the effect of ai
explanations on complementary team performance,” in Proceedings of
the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, ser.
CHI ’21. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery,
2021. [Online]. Available: https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445717
[19] J. Y. Bo, S. Wan, and A. Anderson, “To rely or not to rely? evaluating
interventions for appropriate reliance on large language models,” 2024.
[Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.15584
[20] N. Jain, R. Kwiatkowski, B. Ray, M. K. Ramanathan, and V. Kumar,
“On mitigating code llm hallucinations with api documentation,” 2024.
[Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.09726
[21] J. Yang, A. Prabhakar, K. R. Narasimhan, and S. Yao, “Intercode:
Standardizing and benchmarking interactive coding with execution
feedback,” in Thirty-seventh Conference on Neural Information
Processing Systems Datasets and Benchmarks Track, 2023. [Online].
Available: https://openreview.net/forum?id=fvKaLF1ns8
[22] A. Ni, S. Iyer, D. Radev, V. Stoyanov, W. tau Yih, S. I. Wang, and
X. V. Lin, “Lever: Learning to verify language-to-code generation with
execution,” 2023. [Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.08468
[23] L.
Analytics,
“Marketing
mix
model:
Insights
and
optimization,”
2019,
accessed:
202501-04.
[Online].
Available:
https://www.latentview.com/wpcontent/uploads/2019/08/Marketing-Mix-Model.pdf
[24] A. J. Ko, R. Abraham, L. Beckwith, A. Blackwell, M. Burnett, M. Erwig,
C. Scaffidi, J. Lawrance, H. Lieberman, B. Myers, M. B. Rosson,
G. Rothermel, M. Shaw, and S. Wiedenbeck, “The state of the art in
end-user software engineering,” ACM Comput. Surv., vol. 43, no. 3, Apr.
2011. [Online]. Available: https://doi.org/10.1145/1922649.1922658
[25] J. Good, K. Howland, and K. Nicholson, “Young people’s
descriptions of computational rules in role-playing games: An
empirical study,” in Proceedings of the 2010 IEEE Symposium on
Visual Languages and Human-Centric Computing, ser. VLHCC ’10.
USA: IEEE Computer Society, 2010, p. 67–74. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.org/10.1109/VLHCC.2010.18
[26] Prolific, “Prolific,” https://www.prolific.com, 2014.
[27] R. A. Fisher, “Statistical methods for research workers,” in Breakthroughs in statistics: Methodology and distribution. Springer, 1970,
pp. 66–70.

